docs(template): polish up + add RxFor API doc (#1288)
rx-angular/rx-angular: libs/template/README.md

Developers are provided with tools for high-performance rendering, which are operated by a broad and intuitive API.

The [LetDirective (`*rxLet`)](https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/tree/main/libs/template/docs/api/let-directive.md) &
[PushPipe (`push`)](https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/tree/main/libs/template/docs/api/push-pipe.md) focus
on template rendering, the coordination and optimization of `ChangeDetection` cycles. While the `PushPipe` is a
straight **drop in replacement** for the `AsyncPipe (async)`, the `LetDirective` will often provide a more
convenient way of managing reactive sources and lazy rendering of the view.

> Using those with the default strategy ([Local Strategy](https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/blob/main/libs/cdk/render-strategies/docs/basic-strategies.md#local)) should already improve the rendering performance of

Reviewer: actually, I think `normal` is the default strategy ^^

on template rendering, the coordination and optimization of `ChangeDetection` cycles. While the `PushPipe` is a
straight **drop-in replacement** for the `AsyncPipe (async)`, the `LetDirective` will often provide a more
convenient way of managing reactive sources and lazy rendering of the view.

Using those with the default strategy ([Normal Strategy](https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/blob/main/libs/cdk/render-strategies/docs/concurrent-strategies.md#normal)) should already improve the rendering performance of your application by a decent amount.

The applied optimization behavior is fully customizable by using built-in or
custom-provided [RenderStrategies](https://github.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/blob/main/libs/cdk/render-strategies/docs/README.md).  
However, `RenderStrategies` are also meant to be a tool developers can interact with inside
their components, giving you even broader access to the rendering mechanisms of your application.
The API comes with imperative as well as reactive ways to manage renderings.
By default, changes get scoped, coalesced and scheduled using the latest browser APIs.

> Beyond the use of the scheduling APIs in the browser, local rendering of components is also
> key for a smooth experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond the optimization of change detection cycles, `@rx-angular/template` by default performs change detection only scoped to smallest unit possible.
```

> If you plan to improve your rendering performance to the maximum possible, several techniques need to be known and considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deepen your knowledge about performance optimizations, consider reading through the following concepts and techniques:
```
